readme.md, before:

# Default Schemas for Tridion (DS4T)
## Version: 0.0.3
## Description

These are some very generic, default schemas that could work for most Tridion 2013 implementations. 
This is a Content Porter Export package. It should run for SDL Tridion 2013 and lower.

Please reference the Wiki  for documentation on the schemas on what's in the schemas. 

## Contents


### Blueprint
000 Empty Parent
010 Schemas and Categories

### Schemas
+ Bundle Schemas
+ Content Schemas
+ Embeddable Schemas
+ Metadata Schemas
+ Multimedia Schemas
+ Parameter Schemas
+ System Schemas 

### Categories and Keywords
+ Aspect Ratios
+ Devices
+ Social media




## License:

Copyright (c) 2014 Frank M. Taylor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updated readme to include form details

readme.md, after:

# Default Schemas for Tridion (DS4T)
## Version: 0.0.4
## Description

These are some very generic, default schemas that could work for most Tridion 2013 implementations. 
This is a Content Porter Export package. It should run for SDL Tridion 2013 and lower.

Please reference the Wiki for documentation on the schemas on what's in the schemas. 

## Contents


### Blueprint

000 Empty Parent

010 Schemas and Categories


### Schemas
+ Bundle Schemas
+ Content Schemas
+ Embeddable Schemas
+ Form Schemas
+ Metadata Schemas
+ Multimedia Schemas
+ Parameter Schemas
+ System Schemas 

### Categories and Keywords
+ Aspect Ratios
+ Devices
+ Social media
+ Dynamic Form Widths
+ Form Input Validations




## License:

Copyright (c) 2014 Frank M. Taylor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
